{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;\red9\green80\blue208;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c92143;\cssrgb\c0\c41176\c85098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I have reviewed your dissertation for formatting. Please make the changes listed below and see the instructions at the end of this message for how to upload a revised version. Please upload your next draft as soon as you fix all of the below issues (which should be done as soon as possible).\
\cf0 \
\cf2 Your dissertation cannot be accepted until it is free of formatting issues, so make sure you keep submitting drafts until you hear from me that it is free of issues -- don't just wait until you are ready to submit what you think is the final version.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 Please note that I need the signed, hard copy of your Dissertation Approval Form ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gradschool.utk.edu/forms/thesis-dissertation-approval.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 http://gradschool.utk.edu/forms/thesis-dissertation-approval.shtml}}) delivered to the Graduate School office absolutely no later than April 20 if you are meeting the regular spring 2018 deadline. THIS IS DIFFERENT FROM THE PASS/FAIL FORM THAT IS DUE TO YOUR GRADUATION SPECIALIST BY APRIL 20. Photocopied forms or forms submitted electronically will not be accepted -- the paper hard copy with original signatures from ALL committee members is what needs to be submitted. You should bring the form to your defense and turn it in to me as soon as possible afterward.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 After I have this form, and after you have uploaded the final version of your dissertation (that meets all of our formatting requirements), I will be able to mark your dissertation as "accepted." When I mark it as accepted, you will receive an email. You must have that email confirmation BEFORE April 20 at 5PM EST.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 At that point, once I have marked it as accepted, you will not be able to make any further changes or upload any new versions of your file (even if a typo or other error is found) -\'96 so make sure you are completely done with all final edits before informing me that you have submitted your final version and want it to be accepted.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 Additionally, you will need to complete the Survey of Earned Doctorate ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gradschool.utk.edu/thesesdissertations/submission/survey-of-earned-doctorates/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 http://gradschool.utk.edu/thesesdissertations/submission/survey-of-earned-doctorates/}}). This can be done at any time, before or after you turn in your final document and approval form. However, it must also be done before April 20, as I cannot accept your dissertation until I have confirmation that you completed this. Working on the below formatting issues should of course take precedence, but I strongly recommend getting this survey out of the way after you have submitted your next draft.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 If you are not meeting the regular spring 2018 deadline, including if you are meeting the 2nd spring deadline, you can view all future deadline dates here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gradschool.utk.edu/graduation/graduation-deadlines/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 http://gradschool.utk.edu/graduation/graduation-deadlines/}}. The requirements for all deadlines are the same, so only the actual final deadline date will change -- the rest of this email will apply no matter when you graduate.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 Formatting notes:\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -Remove the page that has the UT seal, and the pages that begins "To the graduate council". The document you submit just needs to begin with your title page. A cover page and signature page (which has the exact wording of the \'93To the graduate council\'94 page) will be automatically generated and added to your final version, so you should not add either one yourself.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -Your document cannot contain any entirely blank pages, so make sure to remove all of them.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -All four lines of the middle section of your title page ("A Dissertation Presented for the...") must be spaced consistently, and there should be no lines in between any of the 4 lines of text.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -We need your full name, as it is in student records, on your title page \'96 and I have you listed as Elan Hunter Herrera.\
\
-The only page that should have its page number suppressed is the title page (which should be counted as page i). The copyright page should be the first page with a visible page number in the header or footer (and that page number should be ii).\
\
-If you use any special characters in your abstract, you must write out the term in plain English in square brackets immediately following the first use of the character. A special character is defined as anything not on a standard English keyboard -- including superscripts and subscripts. For example: H2O [water]* and \'b5m [micrometer].\
\
This has nothing to do with how common the term is in your field of study -- our catalogers have to enter the abstract in our records using a plain text format that cannot accommodate the special characters, but has no problem with word substitutes\'94.\
\
So you will need to define the first use of 6LISe, 6Li, 6LiInSe2, 6Li(n;)3H, \uc0\u956 m, etc.\
\
*Please note that I used H2O as an example \'96 if you have anything in your abstract that more or less has a universally known word substitute (such as water, degrees, plus-minus, square feet, etc.) you do not need to define it. If you are unsure about whether or not to define something, feel free to ask me.\
\
-Change the heading on what is currently page xi from "Contents" to "Table of Contents".\
\
-Running headers are NOT permitted -- please remove them from the entire document. The only text in the header or footer should be the page numbers.\
\
-There are only three permissible page number location options: bottom center, bottom right corner, or top right corner -- and ALL page numbers must be in the same location (from the copyright page to the vita [see below]).\
\cf0 \
\cf2 UT will only be publishing your dissertation online, and therefore all requirements were made with that in mind. So even though you would need to have your page numbers flip back and forth between the right and left corners if you were printing your document to be bound as a book, you should not do this for the version you submit to Trace as a requirement of graduation.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -The only permitted major parts of your dissertation are (in order):\
\
preliminary pages\
chapters\
references\
appendix\
vita\
\
So your glossary either must be IN the appendix (so it would be Appendix A, "Nuclear Cross Sections" would be Appendix B, etc.), or it must be the last preliminary page (after the lsit of figures). But it cannot just be its own section in between the references and appendix.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -The table of contents must refer to the appendix title page (i.e. the page that just says "Appendix") before it refers to Appendix A.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -Your vita must be referenced on the table of contents. It is a major division, and therefore it should be bold and fully left-aligned on this list so that it looks like and lines up with the other major divisions (chapters, references, appendix).\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -Because you have uploaded supplemental files, you need a list of attachments. This list must be placed directly after your list of figures. It is a preliminary page, and therefore its page number should be a lowercase roman numeral -- the first page of Chapter 1 should still be page 1. Additionally, its heading ("List of Attachments") must be formatted like the other 5 preliminary page headings in every way (size, centered vs. left-aligned, capitalization, etc.).\
\cf0 \
\cf2 This list must have both the filename AND the title/description. For example: "List of Trees in North America..........NATrees.pdf").\
\cf0 \
-All tables/figures must be referenced by number in the text. Then, you have three options for table/figure placement (and you can either choose to use the same option for every table/figure, or a combination of 2-3 options throughout the document):\
\
1. On the same page that the table/figure is first referred to (this can only be used if all tables/figures on the page take up less than half of the page, and all non-caption text takes up more than half of the page)\
\
2. On an otherwise blank page directly after the page on which the table/figure is first referred to (this CAN be used if the table/figure takes up less than half of the page, but MUST be used if it takes up more than half -- unless you are using #3)\
\
\cf2 3. In a labeled appendix (that appears at the end of the document, in between the references and vita)\
\cf0 \
Please note that tables and figures are not considered part of the flow of the text, but rather are treated as artifacts that support the text. For this reason, it is not acceptable to \'93break\'94 the text after a table/figure is first mentioned and leave white space on a page in order to wait to show a table or figure. Instead, simply continue the text (even if it is a new paragraph or new section). The only time there should be a significant amount of white space on a text page is when it is the last page of the chapter (so page 26 cannot remain as is).\
\
And the only time a table/figure should be in the middle of a sentence/paragraph is when using option #2 above. For example: if page 1 first referenced Figures 1 and 2, you would fill page 1 with text completely (even if it ends in the middle of a sentence). Then Figures 1 and 2 would appear on page 2, and page 1's text would continue on page 3.\
\
\cf2 But a table or figure should not be in the middle of a sentence when both items are all on the same page. So, for example, page 27 should not have "This ternary I-III-VI semiconductor was designed around" above Figure 2.9, and the neutron sensitive 6Li isotope." below it.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 If you need further clarification about table/figure requirements, please see pages 11-16 of the Guide to Preparation of ETDs: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gradschool.utk.edu/documents/2016/03/guide-to-thesesdissertations.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 http://gradschool.utk.edu/documents/2016/03/guide-to-thesesdissertations.pdf}}\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -You should remove the word "References" from page 91. The required title page on page 89 renders this unnecessary. Do NOT remove the title page (page 89), or the word "References" from page 89.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 -Your note to your committee members must be in your acknowledgements (in the preliminary pages). Your vita (which is only a 3rd person biography about yourself -- in other words, what is on page 177) must be the very last page of your document.\
\cf0 \
\cf2 ***We have a relatively new Latex template that should meet 100% of our current formatting requirements. You are not required to use a template, but it might be easier for you to put your dissertation into one of those instead of adapting the current document to meet all of the above requirements (of course you will still need to fix several things that I outlined above, but the preliminary pages, page numbers, etc. will be correct in the template).\
\
If you would prefer to keep your current document and just make all required changes, you can still use it as a reference if you are unsure of what code to use to make a specific change. It can be downloaded here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gradschool.utk.edu/thesesdissertations/formatting/templates/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 http://gradschool.utk.edu/thesesdissertations/formatting/templates/}}\
\
***********************************************\
\
In order to submit a new draft of your dissertation, please log in to Trace ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://trace.utk.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 https://trace.utk.edu}}) with your netID and password. After you have logged in, click "My account" on the top right corner of the page. On your account page, you should click the title of this submission, then click the "manage files" tab on the resulting page. Click "replace" next to your PDF, and then you will be able to upload a new file. Make sure to send me an email ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:thesis@utk.edu"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 thesis@utk.edu}}) any time you have uploaded a new version so I know to review it. IF YOU DO NOT SEND THIS EMAIL, YOUR DRAFT MAY NOT BE REVIEWED.\
\
If you need to change your title, abstract, or any other information you entered when making your first submission, follow the same instructions as listed above (go to your account, click the title of this submission, and click "manage files"). Then, instead of clicking "replace" next to your PDF, click "edit" next to the submission data and abstract field. If you ONLY edit this metadata, you do not need to notify me.\
\
***********************************************\
\
If you have any questions, please email me at\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:thesis@utk.edu"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 thesis@utk.edu}}.\
\
Thanks,\
\
Sarah Stone\
Thesis/Dissertation Consultant\
The Graduate School\
111 Student Services Bldg\
1331 Circle Park\
Knoxville, TN 37996-0211\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:thesis@utk.edu"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 thesis@utk.edu}}}